[IMP] Expenses - Update Post Expenses (#17528)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/expenses/post_expenses.rst

view **only** approved expenses that need to be posted, adjust the filters on the left side so only
the :guilabel:`Approved` checkbox is ticked.

Expenses can be posted to accounting journals in two ways: :ref:`individually
<expenses/post-individual>` or :ref:`in bulk <expenses/post-multiple>`.

.. image:: post_expenses/approved-expenses.png
   :alt: View reports to post by clicking on expense reports, then reports to post.

.. note::
   The default :guilabel:`Expenses to Process` dashboard displays all expenses with a status of
   :guilabel:`Submitted`.

.. _expenses/post-individual:

Post individual expenses
------------------------

To post an individual expense, navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My Expenses --> Expenses
to Process`, and click on an individual expense, to view the detailed expense form. In this view,
several options are presented: :guilabel:`Post Journal Entries`, :guilabel:`Report In Next Payslip`,
:guilabel:`Refuse`, :guilabel:`Reset`, :guilabel:`Split Expense`, and :guilabel:`Attach Receipt`.

Click :guilabel:`Post Journal Entries` and a *Post expenses* pop-up window loads. The default

> accounting journal for the expense category populates the :guilabel:`Jourla` field, but can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accounting journal for the expense category populates the :guilabel:`Journal` field, but can be
```

view **only** approved expenses that need to be posted, adjust the filters on the left side so only
the :guilabel:`Approved` checkbox is ticked.

Expenses can be posted to accounting journals in two ways: :ref:`individually
<expenses/post-individual>` or :ref:`in bulk <expenses/post-multiple>`.

.. image:: post_expenses/approved-expenses.png
   :alt: View reports to post by clicking on expense reports, then reports to post.

.. note::
   The default :guilabel:`Expenses to Process` dashboard displays all expenses with a status of
   :guilabel:`Submitted`.

.. _expenses/post-individual:

Post individual expenses
------------------------

To post an individual expense, navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My Expenses --> Expenses
to Process`, and click on an individual expense, to view the detailed expense form. In this view,
several options are presented: :guilabel:`Post Journal Entries`, :guilabel:`Report In Next Payslip`,
:guilabel:`Refuse`, :guilabel:`Reset`, :guilabel:`Split Expense`, and :guilabel:`Attach Receipt`.

Click :guilabel:`Post Journal Entries` and a *Post expenses* pop-up window loads. The default

> accounting journal for the expense category populates the :guilabel:`Jourla` field, but can be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
accounting journal for the expense category populates the :guilabel:`Journal` field, but can be
```

modified if needed. The default journal for all expense categories is *Purchases*. Additionally, the
date of the expense populates the :guilabel:`Accounting Date` field, indicating when the expense was
incurred.

Click the :guilabel:`Post Expenses` button, and the journal entry loads, displaying all the details,
and has a status of :guilabel:`Posted`.

.. image:: post_expenses/post-one.png
   :alt: A single expense report to be approved.

.. _expenses/post-multiple:

Post multiple expenses
----------------------

To post multiple expenses at once, navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My Expenses -->
Expenses to Process`, then adjust the filters on the left side so only the :guilabel:`Approved`
checkbox is ticked. Next, select the expenses to approve by ticking the checkbox next to each
expense being approved.

Next, click the :guilabel:`Post Entries` button. A *Post Expenses* pop-up window loads, with the
default accounting journal :guilabel:`Purchases` populating the :guilabel:`Journal` field, and the

> expense date populating the :guilabel:`Accounting date` fied. Make any necessary modifications, then

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
expense date populating the :guilabel:`Accounting date` field. Make any necessary modifications, then
```

click :guilabel:`Post Expenses`.

Once posted, the list changes ot show all the various accounting journal entries created. Click on

> any entry to view the acocunting journal details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
any entry to view the accounting journal details.
```

.. note::

>    Only expenses with a status of :guilabel:`Approved` are able to be posted to an accounting

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Only expenses with a status of :guilabel:`Approved` can be posted to an accounting
```
